i  aneantissement
and  where you would be one you are
connected  to the sort of consolation amidst of stuff from me upon one
prince
prior
he
priotarete  stroking worked
i  go
red
yeah  we got the same microphone so he is competing
so  i was
yeah  well i mean that's how it is one of the questions i got from charles
he  was asking me what wouldn't my channel change
instead  of having visitors if it was ever
you  he was aware that i have a kind of work within self imposed limits
and  my answer to him in that moment did i thought about a previously but i said to him
it's  not that ten thousand people could change these
one  person can change his cane you know like if there was one person i knew living
within  three hundred comers of her whatever the story is i could
make  a big difference and earlier on a my channel when i was spending more time to talk about politics
in  china and the connoting if there had been one person really interested in that stuff
you'll  be they could have sat down at his desk next to me and we could have talked about politics and china
together  and see mister boat and more rights or any of the other issues that interests me i'd be
i'd  be totally opened to one person fundamentally changing one doing a much cannelton the other
hand  i'm kind of resistant to the abstract idea of waiting
i
i  was on my asking of
yes
i  think it was as bad by your plan
the
i
he  is
and  i was the
bounty  but if
and  hearing
well  those issues of trust i mean it's funny because some people react in my channels only saying
things  that are negative and somewhat only as if a moistening that are positive but i'm really
aware  of the kind of delicate balancing act you get into with that stuff
running  a pink stand with some
do  you trust them enough to handle the money do you trust them enough that they're going to show up on time or that they're
going  to call you if they can't show up on time and if they call you that the excuse is not going to be
asked  that is you know a real reason
you  know when i was a teenager i worked at starbuck you know you got all those issues working at
starbucks  where there's no politics involved that no no ideology or it
so  i mean it
i'm  i'm just really sensitive to those issues and when you get into questions of
leadership  and followership and process
we  have a group of egan's here in victoria i assume their still doing the thing they might they
might  have stopped because i stopped pages
but  when i was meeting up with them they were totally consumed with dominate
the  time of the regina protesting against the use of horses to pull horrors
now  as began issues go this one is so marginal like you're into the area like with
honey  i don't eat honey but like i'm not going to denounce you to drearier
like  it's in mercia enough that i can recognize you know honey is not the same as the
it  was like why of all the possible issues to take a stand on it and invest
your  limited resources why would you pick the one that not only the general public
won't  support you on like men eaters don't sympathize but that even other began
are  going to be skeptical of a reluctant
you  know with these particular horses so we're talking about like five horses in victoria as
opposed  to you know thousands of cows and pigs huge
and  like what's going to happen to them if you actually shut down this pitou
know  a man all the questions running is like
what  is the point but it was but my point here for this conversation yeasting
like  that averaging a
as  the mattapony
yeah  but maybe winning that is also condemning less because then it's just an invisible right
like  orators strong characters stopped appearing in the streets here in victoria
you  know does that galvanize any one to become vigorous one sense in which i am still
optimistic  but human nature is that i think like normal people like my own mother
go  through their whole lives genuinely not knowing where milk comes from
but  ridiculous but it's true and you know my mother's been
all  over the world as a university diploma and has an impressive sounding career and so
but  like seriously when she was fifty years old she she did not know the difference between
you  know a bull in a steer and she was shocked just to learn that animals get castrated
he
so
it  is not that i especially here in candidates not that i'm optimistic about mobilizing massive
support  for
but  when you look at that okay there's a wedge issue there's something where people
respond  to it and non began sympathize and selling possible
with  horse drawn carriages
you  another one that we have here in canada in the north as you know dogs pulling sleds
you  know and like if you know dogs the dogs actually love it like
i'm  actually bosom one of the only began who actually talks with domestication of animals it's one
of  the things i want to raise the rope
he  was as with that
if  you know dogs and you actually see the dogs that engage in the sport or
of  even signs just morandot frappe of pulling the sled the dogs
love  it their happy that you to them this is the meaning of life and
yeah  yeah yeah yeah and i i read recognize what there's a theoretical sense
in  which you can say this is animal exploitation but actually for these dogs it's like a big way
point  between being farallone domesticated because they do live in a pack and now they compete among each
other  in the pack from gets to be in the front of the sled and they get a little bit of exercise and
this  capuchin pull there but like from me it's okay you want me to look at a dog
that's  full time job is decorating your carpet or making your kids happy you know what your
dog  that watches t v with you and began say this is ethically okay
but  you know like the comedown hard on you know basically rural people who have a dog and a
dog
which  obviously again the number of animals is trivial compared compared even to vivisection total megrims
being
well  one met
so  i look this is a digression but my basic point was when you get these
whether  you're cooking whether you're making pancakes or doing some other protests
yeah  the trust co operation but then also how do we decide on
priorities
even  if i agree with you or even of going to concede the point like a going to say look i don't agree
but  you can be right like i don't care about being right
what's  our priority for this week end
it's  really going to be dogs
or  it's really going to be
you  know horse strong carriages as opposed to milk or
vivisection
so  that's all that those long oration from that basic point
you  see man it's that caffeine
dirty  riders going to be at your door telling you that you are a worthless lazy piece
of  ship and that's all you ever going to be
yeah  i remember that it
i  talked to him i talked him back in the day
yes
he
the
yes  they were guilty of self promotion something during writer would never
did  i look on it i make a
if  i had to take the train of vladivostok
long
i  would not want to
passion  and fruit i wouldn't i've talked to the guy i don't want to spend twelve
hours  on
i  also do not want to sit
majority  i don't you know i don't know you can search your soul
and  decide that
but  that's where all these is
come  up you know
as  you probably got in for my channel i know a lot about the history of communism including
current  but
stuff  and also stuff from one years ago
when  i meet the guns who were actually pro communist and actually making excuses for stolen
or  who support mass murder under common is that on that's hard for me to cope with and that's on another
level  from brian being a bit of a pain or
like
passion  and put
a  bit of a wet blanket were so
to  me those are the big questions
and  if you're going to start you've just mentioned you only now started to go to events and
in  london
you're  going to have those kind of conflict he not even the conflict they are just going to be people you don't like
they're  people you don't want to see that to other trades
not  iron
to  run it with you yea
a  real talk
right  yeah yeah yeah yeah
he
i  well i mean the old days
like  this is going back years but a lot of the questions about democracy would get compared
to  running a ship novalis before the current generation of highly technologically advanced
boats
but  you know in many ways a ship there is no room for democracy it you know with stuff like look either
going  to wash your hands or mincemeat you it doesn't mean it does it's not nice it's not friendly but these
are  the kind of
confrontations  you get into well on a boat especially boat made of wood there
were  a lot of things like that were like look you're doing like just slightly wrong and i don't care about your opinion and
i  am you know there's a kind of tyranny built into
the  technology
and  the social organization of people in a boat you know today
boats  like you know so for many people years ago that was a reference they understood
even  if they'd only been a passenger on the boat they'd seen the way a boat was organized and you know there's
upstairs  and downstairs on a bottle and the grand there people
grayish
to  day
you  know our boat is the internet right nobody has that expose an incredibly small percentage
of  people
have  a spidireen with boat transportation the internet
and  even buying airplane tickets on the internet and find an airplane we don't see any of that stuff so
you  know an awareness of command and authority
and  how you can have some degree of democracy and participation and cooperation in
general  we have a whole whole generation of people who are really
ill  prepared to deal with that stuff
motion
it  only gets worse was swapped me said
i
but  employing in the
is  unscathed
i've  got the brand idea for you for the
dear  the cow
began  hot dogs and dead cows in big letters and then blow began
hot  dogs as in a smaller smollett's the sign that's the concept right
people  get attracted and repelled and you know that's your outrage
i  mean where i had in mind
his  mind is
and
anything  you've done all the carleton of not me was
a  alternate door
so  it would raise a few years
you  are a cute but yet not not a graphic image toothing
but
well  you can you can have you have a smiling cow but with axes in the eyes you know like a cartoon
caliphate  dead cow he annotations on over anyway and the mediums
will  what's that oh
i  could try that
i  never topic of finding finding the ball
balanced  in what white organdy
this  is less the maintained to be on nutting that people talk
about  endlessly
am
the  bows between mice and as
and  people they seem to be multiple camp
i  mean i've seen some of those bonds videos by your channel
am
isaiah  this banished like he doesn't like it when people and a nasty
you  never said anything like that my farmstead
anither
there  are people
ah
the  idea of being approached
and  a nice and friendly
and  the rule her have this aggressive
and  i think i think these
we  getting to getting to communicate two approaches of contemporaries
and  people will at the attitude
and
kind  of dynamic suitability being gained
should  be this kind of approachable
well  you can probably guess i really don't think in those terms and i don't think in it
i  don't fall into the camp myself and so on
well  write and also nobody really has the option to be the engines anyway
so  i mean to say if people actually phrase it in terms of should you be like the against most people
don't  don't have the choice to
to  live that way
and
screw  you
the  most
you  know and also with all these things you know lightning doesn't strike twice if you set up a video
channel  and do exactly what dorian writer does or do exactly what begins does
it's  not going to mean the same thing because it's been done before you know i mean imitation is never the original thing
and  so on you know imitates
look  i mean you know like my slogans and what i have to say or just
from  a totally different preaching the one hand there's my whole discourse but keeping a real light if you aren't began
gains  don't pretend to be the
if  you weren't during rider don't pretend to be my advice to anyone and you know i even say that to
be  concentrated to be someone you're not and so on obviously people people changed
to  right i mean even if you really were he can gain five years ago after five years
you've  changed i hope that kid
i  mean when i first met him certain met him like i talked to him on line just through
through  face massages and back them like his channel had like may be four thousand subscribers he was
new  and it was i was at that same siyou know but he replied to me because i assume back then very few people were saying
anything  to
and  i didn't think he was a psycho part i thought he was in some ways typical of a kid who
grew  up in toronto and charles very hostile town and he was kind of sulky as a chip on
his  shoulder
i
you  know if he did the same thing for five years i think it would get born to him and i hope he would
mature  and change so that one side of it
you  know like the discourse i bring to this i have just one video
up  that says you know stupidity is real i said to be all the time and real life of whether talking about
politics  or what have you it's very easy for people to discount or disregard
stupidity  act as if
you  know as if things in politics are all being guided by some master plan
and  that the u s government to the british government or the chinese government isn't just coping short term and
you  know you have to write to these are people
you  know may have made this decision in five minutes that has impacts with
i  die is one example of this i think you'll see
salad  someone write to me whose
a  more of a formal feminist without terms of reading them lester it coming from a forastero
who  was riding to me complaining about freely under that heading which you know i haven't done on my channel
i  haven't said she's an offence to feminism or women's rights are anything and you know someone else can
can  offer that critique of isly
but  i wrote back and said look you know
everything  you're saying cause it was the message had some interesting critiques but
i  said we wouldn't be talking about this at all i wouldn't be having this conversation if what freely were saying
was  brilliant
you  know stupidity is real the problem the fundamental thing were both criticizing
even  though from totally different angles has to do with the content the quality of
the  actual content and not to do with the form so you
know  it coming back to your original question is it about being nice or as the boat being
nasty  no i really think it's about
stupidity  i really think it's about you know the meaning and content of the
of  what you actually saying and what you're doing and in terms of activism it's about efficacy it's
about  whether or not there are real outcomes and so on so in some ways my approach might raise more
uncomfortable  questions like with with the axe with direct action everywhere i can say the same thing i just said about freely
if  what they had to say about the history of slavery were brilliant were well informed
for  i
i'd  be down with it even if i disagree with it i'd say well look i disagree but while i really appreciate
you  guys have done your homework and you've got san interest in to say and i were i might be saying well i learned a lot
if  what direct action of worse said about the hindus gone from the history of india you know
in  theory some one could do so brilliant but my problem like this is in contrast to the offensive
versus  not offensive
my  problem is not i am offended because you dared to say something but slavery or
i'm  offended because you dared to say sing with india or i am offended because your opposing naked in a patent or some
you  could be a brilliant person making a wonderful contribution to whose posing naked or in
exports  on the internet and you could be brilliant to make you regard to beginning about slavery or
history  of any rantings
i
there's  a generalized lack of brilliant right and
you  know within my limits that includes limits of time you know
i  m university student
i'm  trying to make what i consider a positive control
but  i completely realize why people were guarded as a negative
there  sure
the
but  it might be
auriol
he
would  you let him be beset your kids is the real question
that's  pretty low walking your dog that doesn't have much
being
i  am
a  look i mean there are things i've said in the past the thing that
the
they  may be in the pretty remote passenger
but  what i'm about it is keeping a real whether that's under the heading of science or personal
experience  or what have you
like  in the past when freely just talked about how crappy it was to be a water
to  work in a cocktail lounge
and
to  me
that  is real is it gets and
that's  something i value and
the
and  i encourage you or anyone else to make that kind of content and one of the real benefits
of  that is looking back on it five years from now we're years from now and you know yourself
you  know get to kind of immortalized those thoughts and the honesty of it justifies the content
now  i don't think that changeless
and
how  far do you want me to go in this tehuantepec
you  really like talfeather cause i mean not you know
yeah  that's how i feel about now i mean i gave them a lot more credit
than  they deserved when i was responded
i  really thought you know there are some things we look like they were aware of what their critics had
told  them and they changed their position a little bit and i started making my videos
criticizing  them really when they had posted things that were trenched their position you know we're
tresilian  that they had reiterated that no they still really believe
the  line they were selling out of no more than five years ago now i mean
it  is also desiatin they're really aware of it some aspects of their message have faded out in
the  earlier days they were more into trying to claim that your diet could cure all diseases
you  know quit your bed the give up you know medical supervision on which is both dangerous
and  delusory and untrue and does make begins look bad as if
that  matters you know you know in some
ways  the messages
garlic  does not contain nero toxins and so on many people of point
out  them their claims about the nature of calorie and take are just scientifically untrue
and  many people point out that the abuse of the so called minnesota starvation study is untrue to
all  that's been presented to them
and  again i mean these things are different when you're not doing it for the first time
of  recently been looking at you know mass murder and the russian revolution like nineteen eighteen to nineteen
twenty
and  even though i have read a lot of accounts of political extremism and mass
murder  cambodia china examples from round the world it still shocking in
its  still horrifying
and  i mean the only concession i can make to the communist side because it
is  really terrible and involves murdering babies
rape  and women killing children and so on as well as adult males
let's  not omit the gradual but it's all the way at least as
bad  as the worst things you can read from the twelfth century and in some ways it's worse because it's happening for ridiculous
degenerating  that reach you can say well in nineteen twenty this was
new
i  hold the only concession i can make is nobody had told
them  if you do this this is what's going to happen next because you know what hadn't happened before or
it  only started around you don't nineteen
now  an extremely intelligent person already in nineteen twenty could have given the right advice
and  a few people did i mean you can go through the history books and pick out the couple of people who understood what was going on and
what  this would lead to
but  then the moral problem it presents to
historically  and still to day as
now  when you know all of this was established in nineteen twenty
well  then in in china
you  have this terrible burden of knowing
what's  going to the next and in many ways totally different culture totally different language
the  same disaster does venture
so
yeah  to me it's different and this applies the whole
i  gamashes we deal with you like you have chosen start with this but i mean echo terrorism
is  a real question within began as an i said that my channel like more than a year ago or as i look i don't really
want  to talk about
you  know what color nail polisher using
i  want a knowledge that you know violence
violent  protest this comfort has been a big problem with animal rights
these  are real issue you know this was in contrast to privilege being one i want to talk about that
all  the way over to lifestyle activism
so  well now were at a point where
things  are repeating themselves it's not it's not the first time during writers you can
eat  unlimited calories and not game weight all the way over to it's not the first time people have said
you  know burned down the right stag or whatever he liked the whole the whole range from
the
violent  militant thing over to you know lifestyle activism
and  the pseudo science and you know like promising you that the vegan diet is going to cure
really  serious losses including i mean schizophrenia including bipolar disorder not a
no  i don't know that mesomelas serious mental illnesses
that  should be shocking to you younger people if you're watching this year only years old
you  don't have direct experience you will serious miles but to give advice on the internet that
somebody  with a serious disorder like schizophrenia but poor should quit their beds
and  just have a high cart load diet
that  shocking to me in a sense very different from people calling
for  mass murder or revolution or
in  the selfsame somehow community
am  was been this long history of
a  history of
people  engaging with mental loosening that is just one thing an go out get over
i  remember tony robins years ago
used  to say
malone
you  can devote it to
in  overright
and  i think it's one of those things
so  kind of ethereal
am  i almost as makes sense why you can't get over it
you  see i got his eyes epistle want to believe also right in
people
admaston  said as if as a motivation
mantra
for  some provements you could say i can get
why  yes why don't i really warn against that fismes on
that  i warn against
you  know certain types of political radicalism even though even though today they're not killing anybody
or  putting people in prison where i see look down the road this is what this leads to a really useful historical
example  that's not extreme you know everyone wants to use the names from history elisavetpolen
terms  of success and failure for the insult be the history of what is called christian
science
in  many ways christian science they were a precursor
to  buddhism and hinduism in the western world now don't miss quote me obviously put him as an ancient religion
he  knows nature religion but a lot of the stuff but is in hinduism did in the twentieth century like
in  the nineteen sixties forward actually christian science ideas earlier
in  the th century
yeah  and christine but i don't tinamous harmless you know christianity plus
science  was the problem but they believed that the theater believed that all illness
can  be overcome you know not just mental illness but physical and like you should refuse medical treatment you
know  even if you get the plague or what have you so now again that didn't
lead  to a murderer like the naithing that bad
and  again in terms of success
i  began need the humility directness just at a jewish community center yesterday first time in decades have
been  to a jewish community center but like we don't even have community sent
christian  science they built major architectural monuments all over the united states
and  to a lesser extent around the world i think you have some in england the architecturally
a  real sand stone some of them are really beautiful buildings built to last a thousand
years  the religion did not last
you  know it's really falling apart now
but  but i just say they did take it that far where they built institutions they
had  their own newspaper they still do they were influencing world politics in their small way
in  many ways they were much more successful than the eismeer has been or becomes likely to be in our
lifetime  tunisian building community building what have you but
the  core of their message like dorian write as imbracing this what's what scarmelli
during  a rider and to some extent like direct action everywhere men you'll have this problem with me of groups the core of their
message
does  involve what employ language we would call complete point
all  that matters and we got a dress that from my perspective
yeah
i  am not i was talking about before i like to think most people
don't  take that old roger for thing that seriously i don't know what percentage of people
stay  on it and doing properly
this  the thin terminate his tenore data
we  would have any people in the world
have  done rotatory
yet  the represent the room
a  man of
yet  but but do like i got to say the other side of it is
and  i actually like this guy to bias who i've disagreed with me you know it's polite
intellectual  disagreement but we have whatever clashed and you can see videos in that my channel
i  actually not that interested in the macro scale of talking about thousands of people are going
people  for my life i wanted to one person i want to know five people you know
and  like i am taking a step on being really honest and really real with you guys about that like gawsh
i  had five began friends who could cooper with me about anything and i don't one
of  the reasons why i'm that honest just to mention briefly before this youth channel i had a gang
that  was briefly really popular like it was getting like forty thousand hits on stuff you know it
didn't  last long but like briefly some of my stuff got really a lot of attention and obviously it's all from other
begins  listing remember is
don't  get yourself this is all about preaching to the converted so that's also why like why have a more edge
and  challenging message why ask the hard questions
that  tentative talking people have already accepted the basic idea of vegas
but  people used to send me fan mail to that
a  block
that  really assumed it was something i wasn't no matter how many times said i said again again look i'm
just  one person i'm a regular dude i'm not at the head of a huge organization like
people  for ethical triennial i'm not this i'm not that people would kind of glorifying their mind who i
was  and what i was doing
so  yeah the big questions you're asking
i  don't know on an epidemiological scale what effective in terms of diet
or  activism or anything else
i'm  worried about the next five years of my life i'm worried whether or
i  i know five people who i can make pancakes with
anything  with
and  it's not false humility when i'm saying i don't know those people and it's not
a  hollow insult when i say i look at the third fast
if  i go there i'm not going to meet those
i'm  not saying that
you  know that's my life that's what i'm looking at that's what i'm trying to get
during  ride
he
i
i  have often
you  know like he does ah it's one in
limited
and  that aroused the men the weather
and  unforgotten
what  i think with i think it's a shame that you use durand writer as an example
because  in his case no you know he'd be one because that's kind of the only redeeming
quality  he's got no i think
no  not now well no the real contrast is to people like sam harris who really do
that  you know the sort of self selfish
well  yes he he he went in the past he went began and then he went back
and  then he went virginian he said you know
it's  one of those things where he's offense
and  other voices sir i mean on my own channel of
mentioned  a bunch of these guys guys from the new atheist movement you know who in some
respects  are legitimate public intellectuals and in some respects the kind of father
you  know whatever there opposed to vivisection in the opposed to deal but they still do me one small
so  things those are their real world examples of that and the real questions but with
durandarte
no  there are think there's no ambiguity because his
ultimately  what he selling is just a diet
if  you you know if you have a more complex package that you're selling that involves
you  know separation of church and state like these atheists guys or
or  anything else then it would be a more complicated scene
i  believe that the tubmans the online
beatific
what  have you to
has  become more
centralized  in the past twelve months to years
i  feel like we
we  no longer have hardly a really as the king of kings queens and the rest kind of
coming  down from the
ah  i think this you know not of other channels had grown
um  like fifty thousand subscribers
look  i mean the other side of it is who watches you too anyway you know
i've  never expected my channel a big following i'll tell you people in cambodia
don't  watch you too when i lived in cambodia i never once watched that you two video people
people  in mainland china don't either for for other reasons and like within the western world
in  terms of both the audience i am reaching the unentitled
that's  very different from a magazine i mean you know it's also the question if you publish your began magazine or
more  who do
some  people read magazine some people don't and you know is it a more academic magazine
does  that pictures of the it women an it like you as really you could do a play boy play boy one magazine
it  is in its heyday know playboy was famous it during the cold war for having some of the best journalists
it  wasn't you know in addition to having pickets i mean i just say the whole range
would  be possible but then you'd also have to admit oaths is going to reach a very different audience from
but  i've said this repeatedly my channel and it's really sincere
what  i'm doing on my channel i do not think of as activism this is like talking to me
in  a cafe
and  taking me to calais pretty intimidating i mean a lot of people are
not  prepared for the level of intellectual content that bring to a casual conversation
but  i do and compared to spending my time
in  an actual cafe talking to an actual began who happens to live in victoria
i  it's a better you see my time to that cause whatever reaches you it may you may reach at least a couple of hundred people
were  interested but that's all i can say for it like i don't think in these the more grandiose terms
a  boat the effects of youth and the other big thing is you ready know is one day my daughter can
see  as much of this as he
yeah
you  when i go to places like vetustas
surprised  the people have never heard of that don't know about it for the great
red
we  tend to
if  you go to a hard core animal rights conference too you know like these bitter old people who
fought  for twenty years to close down on laboratory because you know a lot of those troubles are really long term
those  people also i think you'll find they don't know but it into stuff or ignore them sir gunther
things
and  out itself
problem  of imeeo
nance  made a very
why  darry is bad we only begins a watcher
red  totally menetarre medios who
the  great suite
that  was the one thing steve best was dead right about so i disagree with steve vestigate
erything  but exactly the point you just made he said activism cannot be
you  know a thousand logs each written by one person and each being read only
by  the converted you know the same with logs or you tube he said it blobbing
is  absolutely right and at least i'm aware of the problem but a lot of people a lot of people
are  sincerely deluded about it for sure
i  had
probably  the man
the  two years have been in time may be five in
thank  you very much
on  these
mostly  people i met
as  to be donnacha who really is on from the dangers of dragging
but
he
but  you
getting
but  i mean you know depends on what the meaning of life is
and
so  he came to fame by making a very silly video not
i  don't mean that beersheba a silly video music video
sing  even and i don't know let's say over a million people have seen it the actual
number  is sterile
look  here i've known people mentioned a machine a little bit of a background in the entertainment
industry  and acting and knowing those types of people there are some people for whom that
is  the meaning of life you know they want to be on that stage they want to make you laugh
they  want to make you smile and they feel so gratified by making that that silly video
i'm  not that due you know that's not who i am and for somebody who is like
that  whether there are stand up comedian or a musician or what have you of course you're happy for
them  if they make a silly video like that and the breakthrough what have you
but  you know what you opened your comment by saying was talk about actual you know
kind  o versions i mean the idea of conversion is already
complicated  and loaded because it's not a religion
you  are are we really talibus eaking to an audience of
men  eaters and of that being effective you know okay we'll do i really believe that
sing
music  video like that will convert people well
i'll  give you the really honest and
yes
but  the type of person who would convert for that reason
is  some one i would have contempt
you  know like let's keep an old way real i knew a due
in  toronto
i  could say a lot of bad things but this too he later got involved in different kinds of drugs
and  he kept getting women pregnant and you know when you're on drugs it's easy to get people pregnant by accidents
on  you know i sympathize up to a point but a mean contesse this
guy
when  i asked him how he became a vegetarian in the first place because i was trying to get him to go from vegetarian
to  begin which normally is easy as merpeople already vegetarian normally though thine
she  actually was a guy who who converted because of a pamphlet in saintonge
and  like you
i  didn't tell him i thought he was an idiot but i was looking at them like
what  the hell is wrong with you
in  the better other reasons why i wonder what pelsart
a  undecent honest handing out pamphlets
well  that convert
some  people
apparently  yes i mean i know at least one example where the guy got the pamphlet and said
whole  life but
that's  that's not what i'm chased
and  i again it's just admitting my own my own prejudice what have you so
the  silly side of it which i don't i don't hate on but you there questions
everybody  as to ask them
you  also do not seem to like you want a life as an entertainer but maybe i'm wrong maybe you'll drover
new  leaf maybe you want to be the next ten
if
he  was a just man and the opposite i have tremendous focus and my whole life
has  been a struggle to try to specialize to try to focus on one
but  have been forced to stop and started again many many
and  just now right now i'm looking at moving to china so for the last year
academic  year much less than to the last year i've been up in studying japanese just like okay
like  what i throw all those books in the garbage stop doing japanese switched to chinese and
the  past i was
why  no you know that's been on the government of louis to commit country they threatened to kill me and keep me
out  of the country it was a very dramatic situate
so  you kerwin on the politics history and language of lower two and a half years
he  stop everything what's next cambodia minar to stir so i
actually  really disliked that if but my life i would have loved to
to  become a specialist
in  any
but  actually my knowledge is incredibly broad
both  by academic display in language and if that's science been forced on me but it's not
an  actual part of my character
no  we didn't even start the pages we look hey this is really substitute can ask me about cricket or something
i  mean all right cool but we can in a partly doing this as a way to get to know
you  and so on announcer
the
yes
well  go go translated is less than omnipotent
one  of the things that amused me about this is that if you just do a normal google search
for  the phrase
you  do get a great example of a sage translated in english
and  that is from a book that's been digitized on google books
which  is actually a traditional christian
attacking  criticizing french revolutionaries
you  know some of whom were were very anti christian as you know and in the various revolutions
in  france and he quotes it and translates it as an example
of  a radical
call  to arms used in one or another of the french revolution
and  so the censure of a you will find in
many  political slogans such as abilities that doesn't mean the state is low
that  is down with the state to the
and  so this is a more absurd political slogan with a very
precise  double meaning
because  it does literally mean ter down the sky
but  in french sky and heaven are twined so it
also  means
adown  heaven or even in a in a sense let's tear god
out  of its even let's bring down the sky let's bring down the
so  it
a  kind of rapacious
and
political  slogan with a kind of very profound
horizon  set for activity
this  is the sense in which we use and it has always amused me so i guess i know what the cat
the  bag if anyone watches this video which you know is now passed round minutes or in a
you  guess that that gives way the game but i was wondering if any one would ever write to
me  who just took the time to google it because you could get that answer just at google but to
my  knowledge of but he may be a thousand people did that just now mother right into me because they googlies
why  i can ask you the same question why did you meet your chilianian so
oh  you know what the violent that's better now i don't
yeah
you  are a marketing committee think about that one
yea  why i just one of the does duty as a matter to you in that way i mean you know is that your chanlouineau
talk  about them
yes
a  mere
the  rituals friday night candle lighting sometimes
and  we remember of the synagogue
in  the present reform to
you  know i
could
i
i'll  just mention because i think you wouldn't guess the
partly  just getting to know each other and so on
you  know i have looked into migrated is
despite  the fact that i am
open  atheist and identify as a nihilistic
and  just a couple of weeks ago i applied for a job
in  poland in a charming town you may have heard of cold ashes
have  heard about here it's a great town
her
oh  bernal the former death camp is now a museum
and  i was applying to
basically  be you know museum employee who
and  i do have better some apostles been museum so
i  don't think they're going to give you the job but these are ways in which i would say jewishness
and  the historical shadow cast by judaism
is  still important to my life and i mean anti semitism is also gives
you  a kind of profound insight into so many different societies and so many periods in history i mean and
is  a big yeous been doing some russian politics in russian history but in spain
all  over the world this is really retaken
and  when i worked in the seats communist country so every one's a communist official and my boss there
he  was an historian he was also you know a bureaucrat wroth community but he cared about history
and
he  was actually writing a dictionary at that time so you know he would style themselves as a bit more
bit  more intellectual than the average commence prayer
and  i remember one day i was talking about slavery and racism
yet  gettin the british empire and astral but we did we did talk about the stuff at the office
and  he said to me in his broken english
and  you know why you care about that
because  you are to
it  was smiling he was just proud of himself that he figured out that i was to wish and i laughed
i  mean it wasn't offended and me almost nobody in that country even those with the word you mean for you know
i  am and i also laugh because it hilariously it is it is
partly  true you don't like there is a sense in which i care more foolery and would
have  you because of that background even though as i am i'm a complete
and
so  that's come up this way father my own work i had so much you with asia what have you
still  a shadow in my life and
yet  you know what i was talking because i got on the phone with the actual israel
bureaucrats  connected that
and
i  don't know if you talk to me of those people i don't know every after what you say if you have any connection with
israel  would have you but you could really hear on the tone of their voice
some  of the israeli government officials i spoke to genuinely believed israel was a wonderful place
to  move to and some of them thought it was pretty terrible and
sure  you want to do like i said in the uniformly was
a  hay
i  cope with cambodia i can cope with what you know for withdraw
it  behave you till the way is when it is
oh  well
the  one they want that tax money and going they do they care what
that
sure
well  she went if she went at nineteen she would have done military service of some kind and so on you know
at  three
but  she told a lot of people in those three days at it was a blood bath
we  don't talk about it
well  i'm half like you and have i like you because i have actually never had to travel but i have never
wanted  to travel oystering to minimize my travel to travel as little as possible
as  you know a circumstance force contraband
on  the other hand i hate england english culture
impossible  for me to deal with and like every day in england is a struggle and i
would  not want to live in england and i say england specifically not britain or the k because
in  my experience ireland really is different scholland really is different i've never been to wales wales may or may not be
couldent  but while
i  find england absolutely impossible to cope with so and i've had because you know so many of the
guns  who are on line you know gus like alley to breezy and stuff i said what are you next
combat  you like coming visit been friendly it's like my dude like if
i  were offered a hundred thousand dollars to go to england like i really
have  to it at that level of
my  aunt
well  i'm not fatigue
obviously  obviously there things like putting his illaqueation of how you fit in
but  like
i  am aware the british cannot deal with
and  you know my ex wife really had the same problem and she
perceived  it more when she was with me because i was pointing out to her like she she didn't always realize but like
i  mentioned this on my channel you know the americans tend to be very self confident in their
own  he goes and there happy if your self confident that's fine and you know it comes up in so many things
in  life the culture is even better for me i feel really good you know like i couldn't you
other  parts of china i had more friends and congealed in the old
and  you know like if you're tall and strong and handsome and self confident in china
that's  good
and  like an england
all  those things are kind of bad and there's always the strange game is being played
about  humbling yourself and the british are dishonest in a way that's a problem for me and they expect you
to  be dishonest to even then a really simple thing so like you know like i talk to a lot of people
with  ph
you  know research of different kinds of india of my life
when  i talked to a british dude like like my own age or younger included this is not about people more than
six  like the current generation
and  he mentions
something  whatever we're talking about but the history of men more history sallenauve because they've got
background  and all he
a  a oh so do you know the book that came out in twenty twelve on that there was
a  boat new book on that specific subject
and  brushwood say yeah yeah you
oh  well you know his theses on that because he says the exact opposite of what you were just saying so like had
have  you read it like an tricotine the conversation
do  i can lend you my copy of the book have you read it or not
never  have this problem with an american not with a new yorker now with a texan now the california
either  he read the book you haven't i'm not insulting you i'm not challenging you i'm trying to be
helpful  to you and try to tell you what a book is relevant your work and in england like this is only one symbolic
example  but you get into really heavy conflicts with people all the time from my
perspective  for for no justifiable reason and to me ethically this is a
problem  but it also is a problem in gittin whether it i can
cope  with it i do not want to cope with it so we have for me i would i would rather live in china the england
even  though i was a chinese in some
some  other is some comedies i come
oh  yes course
the  question on all
morewood
or  ah or as ordinary thing of some i don't wyaweekamon
yeah  it's weird in this like a sense of life with the film i don't know would that only be for something like citizen
can  a film you are supposed to have seen
because  like a lot of the time when i was young with the british it would be about stuff i wouldn't expect them to
know  like like a book that obscure a book that was published in india and i'm telling you about it because
you  know we give
you  know ah there was a book published on that topic in india like do you know about it don't tell me ye
say  say oh i don't know but i mean to rest to tell me about it
but  yeah that's a huge problem and in politics so like i know i know political
some  of the political history i know is
like  you know when the sense of cia
and  some of it is just obscure like nobody knows it because very few people
who  speak english care about politics and lower cambodia or even china it's actually said
trina  you might think there's a high level of knowledge but there isn't japan is even more depressing
but  you know
like  if i'm trying to talk to a british person and i find this with australians too a trillions are not
maybe  not quite as bad but it's like one now but you know there was that war in nineteen eighty nine
on  the border between thailand and laws and that's the reason why the jonathan did you
have  you already read about that
and  you know that ye that ye getting that's the wrong answer you know how could i
do  anything with you how can we co operate up new york
anyway  i took so final thing on that and what i can't cope with the british so
you  know what i talk all the time within began astonishing back to bessie but you know i talk about like can
we  get a magazine going can we get something positive
are  you stuck it out with academic too including like people who studied buttonhole who said asia's
like  well can we collaborate and get some kind of project
i  remember one of the one of the rebel eaters i god i said this to a university he
was  professor emeritus to healt of free time retired professor
i  was talking to a boat
cooperation  in
and  he said to me totally so caresses you know a lot of people see that
but  can you tell me this
does  the word co operation really me
and  he assumed his most talking to british students
he  would have stumped me like a guesser british stays ah oh
you
boy  you know i never thought about it that way before but you know i bore
on  the channel talking about that on the uneasiness actually i have really robust
answer  to exactly what i mean by cooperation whether we're talking about pancakes or political
organization  or writing a magazine or putting together a dictionary you know
a  language research projects you can't do it language research project one person you you really need
you  need a group so yea they go these are not the only reasons
i  dislike egscuse but this is this is victoria
from  is the real we hate count
i  into personal
am  i
when  he made wolverhampton
but  you may are you still living glass gotho man like you said that you do british man
you're  a bunch of killers men like a man when i was i was living in cambridge i was living
in  a small town outside of cambridge england and i remember the newspaper not in the front page
even  one day said oh the police discovered a severed human ear in
front  of the local pub wasn't a night club it was he was one of those local british pubs which
is  nothing you know and you know i would would anyone missing an ear please report
the  police the police have already spoken to every hospital in the region
and  none of them reported any one he came with a severed ear like you know
in  this
that's  england england to me is to guys in the line up at the grocery store
trying  to start a fist fight with an american guy cambridge
he  is not even glasgow no so i mean in terms of violence popping off
i  think a lot of americans don't realize that they think new york is tough they think you know
or  culture or mainstream media exaggerates that but now the english
you  guys bring the fight every one i mean the love of violence is high and obviously in terms
of
you  guys rumble all over the world now i think it is this
moment  for the english mind set there's no man on not much limited way point he could be
hello  how you do you like a competent would you like a fight
my  wife's american and people are
if  she gets a little menocal and a standard conversation rode people will think
amory  i did me to find you
um  you know she's not she's not offend
in  imself
ah  even me we'd be married for like seven years even me i always
think  one away
i'm  not offended
we  now have much of a kind of rama
having
general  calm and inflated
yes  it's a big problem and
you  know i've always felt it was ironic of the british seemed to be culturally to be like the worst
culture  for democracy you know maybe cambodia is worse but that
inability  because the british like edible money too they can't deal with financial negotiations
they  cannot deal with valuable money their infamous for that it's like look actually one of the presents
for  democracies being able to sit down and have those real conversations and recognize conflict
recognize  you know contrasts
in  opinion and belief and agenda and not
you  know react in this way not either suppress it and pretend the conflict doesn't exist which
is  one side of the british character and not go not go to the other extreme either so yet
they  go help of convinced you to come join me in china instead of remaining in england
the  language bar
o  no
sure  sure sure you could think it out but the problem with to be language if you come to china
you  got to cut your hair that's on it flatters him an you got to cut your hair and you got
to  change your wardrobe that's not negotiable but actually speaking chinese ugolini got a suit up
so  that's the cost that's the barren
to  segantini ting on here
where  satan
it's  actually my answer to that is more interesting and you might think
i  did a lot of research on oysters
back  he was very memorably within my first couple of weeks of being a university
students  that would have been nineteen
and  i went down to the library and he got out these wonderful books on the science of oysters that
were  really from the period when scientists were first figuring it out so nineteenth century
and  early twentieth century and now that's because it wasn't the top priority for science
you  know it's not that that oysters were that mysterious but you know there was a time when scientists actually
did  not know how oysters reproduced you know like the sexuality is not obvious
you  look at it stricture out and when they didn't know about the level of intelligence when those were sincere
questions
so  as all read a lot about them back then
and  this is something i was asked to go back when i had a log and and what have
you
i  think the most useful way to answer the question in real life like face
to  face the people who are the young who who are actually in doubt about this
i  generally talk about doing good
and  that's really a very simple concept that's been out of style for a long time where's like look
i'm  not actually interested in an ontological problem
of  whether or not oyster intelligence
now  actually have done the reading actually there is plenty of scientific evidence that
oyster  intelligence exists
admittedly  oysters are not going to invent the aim bomb
you  know neither cows sort of time that's really another question
i  think the point is look if you were asking yourself how can i do good
how  can i help which are relative questions
you  know
and  sometimes you can't help you know some there's nothing you can
but  in reference to something like oysters and muscles i just do not see how
that  broad basic framework
trying  to do good would lead you to the train of thought of
saying
your
stupid  enough for me to kill you and your flesh
and
now
the  the exception to the rule this hasn't been that light heart of the conversation
but  i could put to you
you  were abandoned on dautie island
which  is a rocky rainy cold island it's not a jungle in in the middle of
the  ocean and you literally let's say your abandoned with henna
and  supreme banana it's you three all three are beginners on the island our only
sources  of food are birds eggs that will be fertilized possibly
fish  but obviously you have to suffer more to go and get the fish or possibly oyster
which  one is going to be the least revolting to you you know more really and and physically like i
think  i'd vomito that was forced to survive in those conditions i don't like forcing yourself at a fertilized
burden  roocoo is very for me it would be very hard to do
and  wouldn't be a pleasure
but  yeah i can come up with scenarios where it is the lesser of two
evils  if you can wait out you
however  as i like to say the lesser of two evils is still evil
and
for  me there's no justification and there isn't there isn't a reason to be asking those questions
and  living my life
in  my life not on a desert island and not on saint cahuillas
the
in
he
if
well  that's the current fashion but as a point of much didn't know if we talk about this one now but you
have  a long and memory you can remember the old days
of  activism you know of these anarchists breaking through the fence of the glastonbury
festival  or you can you can remember a very different paradigm and it's going to change again
so  you know i don't think what you just made is very true today but it wasn't true ten years ago and i don't
think  the true tone
here  boy do you want to say sing first though in the while we ask what your views as i may know
you've  heard what i've said up to a point
my  view is
partly
i  don't think it's a simple
and  i think it's balaamite
i  was saying terms of the dogs and cats the most obvious one
um
should  we be keeping dogs and cats i think the answers now
ultimately  a i mean
it  is an i did whip
we  have rescued dog and one about as fougasse away recently were going to get
another  rescue dog
so
um  in my lifetime a consate being assured i gerty i sorter rescue
dogs
am  i a lizerunt that perhaps dogs and cats chose us
and  they've been successful as a species
because  of the unique and willis
but  i i would say it's a bit of a liability for for them
um  in
and  now people like to say to perhaps but loved dogs but i say some
sometimes  wonder if we are that far away from eating for me
you  are looking at someone who has lived in an echo a village in northern laws where dogs
are  on the menu like seven days a week my g there are not that many
cultures  in the world that he dogs on like a daily basis but the acute regarded
dog  as
the  staple of the diet they absolutely think of a dog in the way that people in europe
think  of a pig absolutely they do and in general they don't have they
have  dogs and when you approach an achilles
on  the side of the road are the latest fresh dogs
drying  in the sun it looked satanic as a wicker framework
and  dog skins being stretched out so they skinned dogs they used
dog  fur dog leather and they eat dogs and
that's  their social economy and sorry to go on but yeah there's nothing inevitable about
that  relation
um
i
as  far as
you  mentioned ignited in showing people
ah  so i can be coldly in the back just like a dog
i  guess that i guess some effective
but
as  the antiques tion should should we be involved with the
probably  not
at  least at least not in the terms
um  at least in terms of bringing them into our hives keeping them as paso
on
well  look i mean there's that of so much from me to say on this something i kind o it and note
to  eventually make
make  a video about but i mean i think the reason why so many begins can't cope
with  the question correctly because again fifteen years ago was totally different like anti domestication
was  a pillar of animal rights and of the whole anacapri ives attitude
which  was really much bigger than anachronism
and  even you know the used to be like crocus for began the
it  was a lot of it was ranting again
and  ownership and domesticate those for you know
big
so
you  know things change but in terms of the fragility of the gains to day on this is
i  think it comes back to one of the questions i raised my channel which is people thinking about anything
in  terms of the government kicking down your door and taking you right
so  lot of becomes radio will you think domestication is problematic like
we  don't even say bad ensayo think it's problematic than what you're saying is
when  you become a tyrant controlling the world the day after to morrow you
are  going to make it illegal and you're going to take away my dog or cat for me and i love my dog or cat so
much  and
i  completely understand how western culture conditions be to think that way as if said
you  know the abortion debate
is  a really raw example of that you know oh if you think a portion is problematic in any way
therefore  you know this is the logical extension which you believe
so
any  any anything being said to be problematic or complex is wrecked in
an
and  this is just another example where i think that's totally counterproductive and prevents any clear
clear  thinking of clearing the
is  that i mean i can say more it was i was going to make a video manton that but i mean maybe that's enough said with
the
somewhat
yeah
some
the  dog breeding is just in reading
the
i  become aware we were just that we have just lost a dog to terrific heart genetic arises
caused  by a fatal
am
he  wouldn't realize douglas went on reading
um
it  made
lantier  the world
someone  like trelyon
they  want to make a whole bunch of clothes that they take her on the dead
my
bring  it in her cousin
malahide  until they get a whole speeches of human the looks like for you truly the bandage
boys  and girls and they make them
what  could possibly go wrong on the down the line with such a limited gambol
yes  saone of the things i learned from my period of
them  having the bog before you toboso is that these questions are very different when people
are  implicitly thinking of what the past as opposed to thinking about the future
now  i am unusual one of the reasons why neither fit into the left wing or the right way
i  really don't like in canada
there's  no place for me neither on the left not nor in the right nor in the middle like
you  know or are centres party i really couldn't get along with i actually care a lot of a tradition
i  care a lot of it the past and that relates to
you  know first nations and all kinds of things in politics and it's also the reason why
i  didn't become beginner in my life was really this kind of sense of respect for ancestral
and  ancient things and i care bout ancient greece and ancient ill i discharge tradition period
and  terms of anthropology and politics and everting
and
but  you know domestication of dogs here in canada we have a real question
of  whether or not our indigenous dog breed will go extinct
so  that's the breed of dog that was here before europeans arrived
you  know the dogs that native people had here
turns  out nobody was paying attention and you know as you can imagine the european dog breeds were
imported  and
you  know the indigenous breed is more or less driven i was thinking some scientists find a few villages
where  they've still got this breed and of course that would have been the type of dog that was used to
pull  sleds and everything else before you because it was a work animal for an they didn't have horses
they  had done it was the the corner stone work animals
in  that context i do think it's meaningful to prevent that breed from going
extinct
and  you know there were a lot of things traditionally i'd like to see preventive
for  going extinct at least in the sense of a museum type experience not in the sense of
millions  of animals being killed for no reason
but  you know what we actually if you as a tourist want to come to canada
and  saracen traditions we don't have a disney world you can go to you know and other countries do you know
other  countries say hey you know you want to see what evil japan is like you can go visit a medieval
japanese  temple or tower or castle where they re create
that  historical period i saw and there is some role for recreation
and  preservation traditional culture and miniature
it's  definitely not factory farming you know but you know to prevent
that  dog recharging stings or have some example of what life was like
i  think that is
on  the other hand are there any dogs on the starship enterprise
are  there any dogs on the space shuttle with nasa going into orbit
to  day or their dogs in the whole way of the house of parliament
you  know real sense i think that's not meaning either when we're talking about the
when  we're talking about excellence what's good in our own culture you know and
what  were building for the future
the  role for domesticated animals i think is almost zero or you could argue that
it's  absolutely zero that there's no acceptable role for domestic animals at all but
you  know again outside of a mean azoo also habitat preservation
caught  you know having a habitat park no accurate
historical  park
this  is about the only kind of fish ball you know fish boards opposed the ocean
who  can think of our society in the future preserving some
but  outside of that no woman there's there's just almost no room for no no legitimate role
domestic
and  we as began to some of the worst offenders i got sympathy but you know you probably know
begins  also were their whole life
is  around you know their pet pig or whatever it is
was  it there about
i  hate to tell you it's a hard this is teralbay
claimant  talk about it and if it gets too scandalous we can endear
a  far think we got no editorial right sure
i  could use ten years as around
it  would be painful for me to try to think more precise
start  on the
the  ocelot
yeah  well
answer  as to include some mention of the ways in which i was not seduced so probably already know about me
but  i never believed in the spiritual is the supernatural aspects i never became a convert
even  to the yoga aspect sawas never into
the  soft care aspect that was never into come food and ossington ulany
yeah  yeah they are on a gust exactly what there into his the confusor other
soft  comes to my approach to it was really much more like
some  one studying ancient
and  getting you know really committed to studying aristotle and socrates or whatever
example  you want to
but  the difference
is  that i really felt this is a philosophy in the tradition that has long very positive to offer
to  the world to day
now  maybe some people feel that way we'll start
i  have met any like it like that that's actually a real eye think about it that's a real blow
to  the whole premise of western cities
have  you talked to any one who really believes like you know like literalities
in  china have you er many one i says you know what the chinese need they need the philosophy of socrates
you  know maybe they know maybe you know politics and child be improved if we had a really excellent
translation  of socrates in a modern chinese and we had some kind of philosophical progress that
but  again nobody believes that so you know for me and my life
and  my frame of reference both in looking at a country like canada or europe
but  even more dalmatian cambodia shrank
me  and more i saw tarautas
still  as something that had the meaningful positive contribution
to  one to
so  that's how it's different
and  you know in terms of the core of values if you ask an
you  have an as but if one were to ask what can you believe in or what can you preach
if  you don't believe in the supernatural aspect
i  tell you right now
all  is impermanent
to  live is to suffer
and  there is no soul
these  are the three cranes and they have quite far reaching implications
now  they are also pretty close to nihilism you and a lot of europeans get a sad for that reason but
sure  you know that was
the  real philosophical
about  but
set  out in the ancient language in the ancient written cannon in contrast
to  hindeloopen that competed with
sure  there was material there that i could positively identify with and that i could
preach  and that i could imagine myself for decades and decades and into my old age being a man
believing  in it supporting a preaching so that was her pet no wholesome one just mentioned my own
sort  of traditional
not  at once like that that's part of my character i want a tradition i still want one i can't
have  one and it's a personal tragedy for me i want to be part of a culture
that  i don't despise
it's  not going to be british culture to otaheite its value brigaut
growing  up in canada yea it is very sad for me that i don't have a culture even on the level
of  a literary tradition
that's  mine
and  i talk about shakespeare fared michael and mentioned as an example i don't hate
shakes
but  it doesn't have that meaning for me and it is he does for some people for some people that's really there
whatever
and  they care about in its many foot
and
come
he
in  a
reverence  to us being
he
i  don't want to resent a critique of shakespeare
we  could but
i  just can't appreciate the
as  the
roland
well  i remember just
to  be honest but that when i was in my last
the  first time we
i  read a book
and  it was talked about a scandinavian author who was considered quite edging and shocking in
his  own
as  an example of why he was so shocking and had this quotation from
in  which he basically said
shakespeare  is overrated misbegotten i described how the
audience  like people stood up and walked out of the of the crowd where he was delivered with like asses
so  shocking to say sheerwater but in reading it
i  had to admit to myself i felt shocked to
you  know i don't think like i'm not aware that i glorify shakes
you  know i had a kind of startled reaction
so  he
in  terms of the weight we ascribe to things in our culture what they mean to us
individual  in clerical i think shakespeare is a really useful example in many ways
many  many people quote shakespeare at their weddings at their wedding they have some one read
you  know on it from jaron of the place and many people recast their funerals
from  my perspective shakespeare is more of a real religion than began
and  you can ask whether or not shakespeare is a more successful religion than
taravao  but is made in the twenty second century
it  will be
cause  but as for apartment
ah  you've answered my
which  i was so out really any
relevant
ah  i said
an  if i was to describe to day i tell you relent the intellect of the spirit in
the  community
the  intellect does the town would study
men  going to shiver and pouring over
oratorical  in terms
the  daily prayers and
and  this is very magistrates a manlike christianity and
isla
damis  amidon think he's that concerns pirates most alcuni as
my  groaning every
every  element of daily life
in  taking these three
um
these  three kind of state these three tenants
how  would you write the
as  far as
in  terms of importance
interim  see that governs
a  cover
a  man good question but we should think we should go on to nice question
do  you don't you don't really want to hear the set
i  didn't
if  you read
right  yeah well
you  know what i owe to that though because because you've just asked is
i  am really into recognizing my mistakes and meaning historical mistakes and that comes
out  on my tophana rating if anyone reads my writing i thought it within and it was a
mistake  for me to become a scholar of buddhism at all and i regret it and i wish i never
had  and i'm open about that i most without the including whittal people are professors of
well  when i talk to but a monk which is now pretty rare but i used to spend more time with
put
so  now i i do regret that it was a mistake a period
and  i mention this now this is relevant to begin is in activism and all kinds of bread questions in life earlier
i  said ten thousand people can't change this channel but one person can five people can
in  the same way and this even relates to judaism
you  know the problem with terror at a but is that i didn't
five  good people by
person  and
people  who know me i knew everyone
like  i knew going back to the old generation people over sixty years of age
the  new generation i don't think any of them will watch the video or get insulted by
this  but you know yeah go ahead and be insulted because yet it really is my judgment
on  you all i didn't know again i didn't know one person i could run a pancake stand with
which  as we both reflected actually is in some ways a very high level of
trust  and judgment of competence but yet for my generation it just
so  happened that in my experience was in asia in europe and north america
i  really knew those people that they turned out to be bad people by my standards
but  i'm i'm entitled to impose my
so  that is the fundamental reason why it's a regret and why it was a failure and
with  egotism also so you've just said you're only now started to get involved with one
you  also have to ask yourself at what point do you stop taking applicants
at  what point is the door no longer open because i expect you like this is not a hypothetical you
you  yourself
as  an example
let's  say for the next two years you really start showing up events and meeting people and trying
to  find people you can collaborate with
organized  police whatever your ambitions are or even as i say even to make silly videos
like  kenya like whatever whether it's an artistic aspiration or political you're trying to make something happen
and  let's say for just two years
you're  going around with your business card you're trying to make those connecting it in
and  for two years the only people you meet are either idiots
or  drug addicts
or  their members of religious cults you don't get along with or there literally mona
you  know like
this  is not hypothetical you may meet the into can't kill one with you to say they
can't  get along with you for political reasons and i say it they may be literally any one
and  that's your parents for two years
at  some point
the  door is closed whether you think it is or not that door may close in your heart you
may  not be aware of it but you say i'm not i'm not looking any more
and
obviously  for me my process of declaring it over with buddhism
was  very public and was really ali on the sand and there were people in that field who
really  looked up to me who really admired me
and  you know for them obviously that's goin to have some impact effort
but  that i just mentioned like a much larger number of people care about might stuff on begins
merits  whatever or politician but i know i have really had
detailed  messages for people by mail a few times talking to be face to face
where  my work on but is it changed their lives not in a trivial way in a really
big  one terms even though i think that's a very small part of my tube channel in forward and
my  present going forward i'm not playing to go back to but i do know that that influence ahead on people
was  profound and long
and  i you know even though maybe the number of people who live a touch to smaller
the  bimpa
you  can you talk about yourself your i mean i just put that to you it's not a question
but  it's a bit of contesting to think about
when
it's  a new religion it's a new religion
if  he
in  the
the
go  round
he
we've  got to
right
and  at some point it ended for you at some point the door closed
in  other people that join my
my
from  the come to the portioning busy in muddy
read  book
i  want a minion
an  even attend
then
range
her
maybe
i'm  from contain
yeah  i
no
i  was going along at
you  have trying to force
he
and  if i ask was that before or after you got married were you single that it
a  different
very  hard to be
it's  bad cold bath you don't you don't even get laid
many  self respecting cold would at least get you had let me tell you
yesterday  i was at the germanised her here it's about ninety percent of a getting laid okay
the
in  england that a huge proem i am as you may minding your alcohol et cetera
the  really aware that in england on the how that cuts you off from israel
and
and  italicised retaliated about
langannerie  in so openly and candidly be boring
you  know look i mean i appreciate your talking about that i think that's you know you're being really real and
sharing  with people some one that's worth thinking about a come back to felden
there  was a small political movement in new york city
you  know really at the heart of things of manhattan that was called the rent is too damn high
i  remember it because it was in new york he got in the newspapers and they ran for public
office  you know they were real political movement as you can guess from their name
the  register it was fundamentally about poor people and their struggles in the city and sorceries
and  many ways it was an important
and  there's a guy called a lover who is a kind of radio personality a hypothesis
and  i remember his response to it was
just  said to the guy leaving it he said look man
it's  a beautiful message
but  you aren't the guide
like  this is hopeless not because of the message not because
of  the objectives
the  because of the people which comes down to two
you  know the people at the top of a small or is mostly one guy who's giving the press
conferences  who really found the
typical  same with direct action everywhere seamed with the tiresias and friend
comes  down just a couple of
just  said you know you are the wrong person
and
falland  gone i will officially state for the record that i am anti fell and gone
chinese  government is watching this
you  know they publish newspapers and books and what have you
that  criticised the communist government of china
and
whenever  you read that again there's lessons for feasts lessons for
democracies  will drop you got to say
you're  the wrong dude
and  they slipped so easily from as you say like sense and nonsense
you  know from something reasonable to space aliens and at discredits
the  thing and they also i know tom they glorify
they  don't go for democracy they go for the bad old days of feudalism of you know and
family  values having your grandfather control your life and
family  hierarchie
my  dear you know there's somebody somebody could really criticize
you  know twenty first century chinese culture somebody
you  know somebody should complain that the rent is too high in new york
but  you aren't
and  that
a  tragedy of a subtle kind
the  other
and  i think
i  temptation that he was disenfranchised or italianised
um  college white man
he  may be he was not much luck with girls
and  he brought into one or two
one  two perhaps he had taken service abuse on immigrant
and
you  brought into one or two aspects and then the rest
he's  a fisher's official reason was because
marstrand  the art of
a  man
i  think in reality he watched tony he washed a bunch of outfits
might  do well not
in  a
he  was
mary  tempted by that
i
at
of  all the aspects of
it's  come up under
i  would actually do speak the sexual aspect
the  passing
a  relatively long time ago you know i had a video on direct action everywhere
no  i've also a video staring but joe bass and thailand and those six candles
i  think some people might misunderstand what my view is on on sexuality and in politics
or  sexuality in general or sexuality and the actor sexuality and cults
or  these questions how it interacts with with political
but  you know one of my criticisms of direct action everywhere is why are they
hypersensitive  to wire they trying to control people's sex life
and  why are they like actively denying they have a council of people in a little many
bureaucracy
issuing  press releases and statements and taking people out for basically getting laid or
trying  to get laid within their movement and denouncing people for daring to and i said
why  can't you be as cool as an orthodox jewish synagogue
about  the fact that people come to synagogue the find a husband or wife like or that judaism
is  not that sexually permissive really not but like
even  orthodox jewish and as a lot of them are very understanding about homosexuals
seeking  partners i've known examples of that obviously i'm not saying you know homophones
but  just say even with that it's like the reality of life and
if  you want to be a political person if you want to be an artist you want to lead a meaningful life you
want  to be a poet whatever is you started
sexuality  is part of it finding a girl friend or a boyfriend is part of it and you know
i  wouldn't denounce someone for you know i'm not saying the only reason you came to the began protest
as  to
but  of course it's part of it
you  know it again if i can expect a rabbi is no people openly say to the rabbi
oh  look you know i used to go to this other synagogue but there's really nobody there for me some friends of mine
told  me i could meet some people my own age here
so
anyway  i just say i do think sexuality is that them roll in these
and
female
master  great right out
or  just can you can you recommend a synagogue arpajon yes
that's  also
but  again like i look i am saying this like some beans should be insulted like if you're
a  sex negative began
as  a diet it is a life style but i don't want it to only be a diet or lifestyle
and  if it's going to encompass your whole life in this way we've got to have some mature down
to  earth and tolerant and talk to lord about tolerance on the channel lately tolerant attitude
towards  sexuality and the truth is i i don't like a guy like joe bass and when i was living in
thailand  and losin a lot of guys like job
but  i tolerate him what to tolerate some time it doesn't mean you agree
with  them it doesn't mean you would live the same way yourself it doesn't mean if i was in hesitation i would do it
many  of the
i  don't
but  are
as  as you point out the man combat to the very first
this  is a movement where you know people can't tolerate any people
can't  tolerate whatever passion fruit
you  know you're making paris
what  over the fact that they eat homes
over
we
and  you know like hey like sex is inevitable
getting  people pregnant as inevitable like
you  know beans are inevitable he also is part of life
and  you know these are these are warning signs about the kind of ultra for
of  what even you know could be
talking  about of the people behind making come as i had people behind their backs
he  was should be brother has told me anything
stonewell  and i think came
madmen  in
and  give common section
a  rotifers not my great
i  think it is not the end of the world i think
i  think part of the problem is
greenough  i become so defense
i  am by the movement and the push themselves into this situation where is all
on  nothing situation
bartell  you for me this is i feel like your talking about the past i think that's
over  i think that's run its core
and
i  don't know five years from now
what  the hell is the significance of been of the type fruit festival in the past tense
i'm  sorry i just don't see it as all that meaningful i don't see any future
and  again people could get insulted and they can watch by the videos and see why why i think
that  way and feel that way but like by contrast there's
a  girl named sarah she's in london somewhere see now you may meet her eventually
she  has some really simple videos where she
standing  in front of a slaughter house and taking people when i see that
i  think that could be the start of something you know that it's only the star it's only the very first
little  step but that could lead to something five years from now even if it's just those ten people
at  that protest saying
they  are well doing in the next five years
you  know let's make something happen so it's not that i have zero optimism
but
the  boat the permanent vacation side of things saderesera but that ye
to  me you were talking about sonority over
but  you want to wrap it up there in the wood were coming up on two hours
it's  been great talking to you but
all  right great
the
he
you
and  you may
people  do ask me for advice
including  people who i consider successful like ve can cheat and the
main  thing i tell them is look if what your interest in his fame or views
or  subscribers in i'm not the person to talk to
because  that's not what i'm about that
that's  not in my objective has not been what
what  motivates me
you  know what i'm doing i look i used to have to say
this  on my blog to all the time all i'm trying to do is make friends
and  you tube is a very strange way to make friends
but  the good thing about you is even if you may enemies
you  know you may be you're going to make one one friend out of it
so  look i mean maybe it's maybe it's terrible advice but for some reason you specified a younger person
some  people ask me for i arranter is some people are the
but  i mean that kind of the realest thing i can say is you know if you
keep  it real if you talk about your real life who you really are what's really up with you
then  a small number of people are going to respond to that and really want to be your friends and
will  respond to what's real about you if your pony if you are evasive
if  your faith if you are official if you wear a mask
literally  or figuratively then you're not going to make those those real connection
i  am look i mean i'm so i'm looking going back to asia right now
obviously  i could present this image of
entailed  i could pose with the different beautiful woman in every video
frankly  i could pull that off here in victoria about it would be even easier travelling
and  as if i wanted to
give  an illusion of affluence or what have you
some  people would hate me for that emboldening out of that is going to be my friend
i  have these books on camera
the  point is not to project an illusion of this is my real life when
this  video and this is still this is what i'm really doing this is what i'm really going back to my real weight
on  camera to now which is
the  way it worked out in terms of my apartment at
but  i know to a lot of people soon hacked or trite
this  is why talk about keeping a real and i think of keeping a realist as the alpha the omega
this  whole thing the audience is the artful
and
you  know i think the little bit of value can get it if you
it  totally depends on keeping it
and
unless  you're going to get into the kind of artifice of
the  comedy or musical performance you know you're making a work of art that's
die
but  in terms of what we do like you and i and most the other talking heads on
then  honesty as the only currency
the  only special effect on my channel is my real life expire
my  real emotions my real
that  i'm a real person
theseus
i  set my dog great meeting you this is actually the first time i ever talked to keep people think we
know  each other we've done a whole bunch of conversations in the past by speirs time we overtake ever talk
about  telephone or any thing
and  lovely to me
he  had that